add Jan PSU release blog (#1414)
adoptium/adoptium.net: content/blog/eclipse-temurin-8u362-11018-1706-and-1902-available/index.md

* [List of security fixes and other fixes in OpenJDK 19.0.2](https://bugs.openjdk.org/browse/JDK-8300251?jql=project%20%3D%20JDK%20AND%20fixVersion%20%3D%2019.0.2)

## New and Noteworthy

### Removal of `src.zip` from container images

The latest Eclipse Temurin container releases will no longer be shipped with the `src.zip` file. This is a ~50MB file that in nearly all Docker use-cases was unncessary and bloated the overall image size. See [Remove src.zip from container images](https://github.com/adoptium/containers/issues/268) for more context and also [Remove src.zip from the latest Java releases](https://github.com/docker-library/openjdk/issues/282) (an upstream official Docker discussion).

### Changes to Root Certificate Authorities (Root CAs)

This release contains the following Root CA changes as described in the [Mozilla Meta-bug #1794506](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1794506)

**Additions:**

* None

**Removals:**

* Network Solutions Certificate Authority
* SwissSign Platinum CA - G2
* EC-ACC (CA Operator: Consorci AOC, CATCert)
* Staat der Nederlanden EV Root CA

### Temurin 17 support for AIX

> Up until now, Adoptium has not released a version of Eclipse Temurin 17 for AIX. As of Temurin 17.0.16, AIX is now fully supported. Please see [Supported Platforms](https://adoptium.net/supported-platforms/) for specific details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Up until now, Adoptium has not released a version of Eclipse Temurin 17 for AIX. As of Temurin 17.0.6+10, AIX is now fully supported. Please see [Supported Platforms](https://adoptium.net/supported-platforms/) for specific details.
```
